Upd README (#6)
meilisearch/integrations-guides: README.md

If you want to build an integration for MeiliSearch, you are more than welcome to and we would be happy to help you :)

> We are proud to say that some of our libraries was done and still maintained by external contributors!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are proud that some of our libraries were developed and are still maintained by external contributors ❤️
```

Here are some guidelines that you should follow though, if we want to guarantee consistency across the differents integrations and technical quality for the different MeiliSearch users.

#### README

> All the README should follow the same patterns. This repository should hold the README template and at some point, we might want to automatically update all the readmes from here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All READMEs should follow the same pattern. This repository should hold the README template and at some point, we might want to automatically update all the READMEs from here.
```

Since we don't provide an official template in this repository, here are the minimum part that the README must contain:

- A well-explained `Getting Started` part: the user should be able to copy/paste the code and command examples and everything should work as expected.

> - Basic code examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Basic code examples for the most common actions
```

- A `Development Workflow` part so that everyone can easily contribute

We recommend to check out the READMEs of our SDKs repositories 🙂

#### Tests

If you want to start writing tests you can read what the [PHP SDK](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-php) is testing to get an overview of minimum viable tests that your SDK should support. The [JS](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-js) and the [Ruby](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-ruby) SDKs are also good examples of deeper tests.

#### Linter and Style

> A linter should be added to optimize contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A linter should be added to ease contributions and maintainers work.
```

> We also recommend to add a `.editorconfig` file so that everyone can follow minimal style rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also recommend to add a `.editorconfig` file so that everyone can follow minimal styling rules.
```
